Update tech-specs.md to include NAP (#68)
nginx/documentation: content/nim/fundamentals/tech-specs.md

## Sizing recommendations for Managing NGINX Instances {#system-sizing}

> The following recommendations provide the minimum guidelines for NGINX Instance Manager. These guidelines ensure adequate performance, but for optimal results, we strongly recommend using solid-state drives (SSDs) for storage. See further down for requirements when NGINX App Protect us being used, as this requires additional memory and cpu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following recommendations provide the minimum guidelines for NGINX Instance Manager. These guidelines ensure adequate performance, but for optimal results, we strongly recommend using solid-state drives (SSDs) for storage. See further down for requirements when NGINX App Protect is being used, as this requires additional memory and cpu. 
```

> The following recommendations provide the minimum guidelines for NGINX Instance Manager. These guidelines ensure adequate performance, but for optimal results, we strongly recommend using solid-state drives (SSDs) for storage. See further down for requirements when NGINX App Protect is being used, as this requires additional memory and cpu. 

Reviewer 2: Since we don't know when we'll move the section "further down":

```suggestion
The following recommendations provide the minimum guidelines for NGINX Instance Manager. These guidelines ensure adequate performance, but for optimal results, we strongly recommend using solid-state drives (SSDs) for storage. If you set up [deployments with NGINX App Protect](#system-sizing-app-protect), you may need additional memory and CPU. 
```

| 250                            | 4 vCPU | 8 GB RAM | 1 GbE NIC | 2 TB    |
{{</bootstrap-table>}}

> ### NGINX configuration deployments with NGINX App Protect

Reviewer 2: To match the link set up in current line 32

```suggestion
### NGINX configuration deployments with NGINX App Protect {#system-sizing-app-protect}
```

> If using NGINX App Protect features in NGINX Instance Manager, this requires additional CPU and Memory for policy compilation and security monitoring features. At a minimum, 8gb Memory and 4 CPUs are required for a standard NGINX App Protect use case (under 20 NGINX Plus instances). The requirements are heavily dependent on the number of policies being managed, the frequency of updates and the number of events being that occur in the security monitoring feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using NGINX App Protect features in NGINX Instance Manager, this requires additional CPU and Memory for policy compilation and security monitoring features. At a minimum, 8gb Memory and 4 CPUs are required for a standard NGINX App Protect use case (under 20 NGINX Plus instances). The requirements are heavily dependent on the number of policies being managed, the frequency of updates and the number of events that occur in the security monitoring feature. 
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using NGINX App Protect features in NGINX Instance Manager, this requires additional CPU and Memory for policy compilation and security monitoring features. At a minimum, 8 GB of RAM and 4 CPUs are required for a standard NGINX App Protect use case (under 20 NGINX Plus instances). The requirements are heavily dependent on the number of policies being managed, the frequency of updates and the number of events being that occur in the security monitoring feature. 
```
